multimedia.image.virtualVersions = true
article.list.age.max = 2880
article.list.age.default = 2880
qualification.userQualificationEnabled = true
usercontent.picture.file.maxsize = 5242880
qualification.flaggingThreshold = 5
qualification.flaggedSectionUniqueName = flagged
wf.conventionalInheritance = false
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.activatedDate = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.articleType = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.author = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.authors = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.createdDate = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.expireDate = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.firstPublishedDate = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.section = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.id = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.lastModifiedDate = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.ownerUrl = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.publication = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.publishedDate = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.relativeUri = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.sectionsList = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.sortDate = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.source = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.sourceId = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.stateChanged = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.stateName = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.url = p
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.tag.contentTags = ul
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.activatedDate = activated-date
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.articleType = article-type
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.author = author
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.authors = authors
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.createdDate = created-date
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.expireDate = expired-date
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.firstPublishedDate = first-published-date
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.section = section
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.id = id
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.lastModifiedDate = last-modified-date
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.ownerUrl = owner-url
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.publication = publication
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.publishedDate = published-date
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.relativeUri = relative-uri
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.sectionsList = sections-list
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.sortDate = sort-date
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.source = source
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.sourceId = source-id
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.stateChanged = state-changed
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.stateName = state-name
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.url = url
wf.props.contentInfo.info.markup.class.contentTags = list-inline
wf.props.contentInfo.contentTags.span.class = label label-default
wf.props.contentInfo.info.format.activatedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.contentInfo.info.format.createdDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.contentInfo.info.format.expireDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.contentInfo.info.format.firstPublishedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.contentInfo.info.format.lastModifiedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.contentInfo.info.format.publishedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.contentInfo.info.format.sortDate = yyyy-MM-dd
wf.props.contentField.contentType = story
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.tag.title = h1
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.tag.subtitle = h3
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.tag.leadtext = h5
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.tag.shorttitle = h3
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.tag.body = p
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.class.title = title
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.class.subtitle = subtitle
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.class.leadtext = leadtext
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.class.shorttitle = shorttitle
wf.props.contentField.field.markup.class.body = body
wf.props.contentField.field.format.date = EEE, d MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss
wf.props.menu.nav.space.divider.class = nav-divider
wf.props.menu.dropdown.space.divider.class = divider
wf.props.menu.nav.space.text.class = navbar-text
wf.props.menu.dropdown.space.text.class = dropdown-header
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.kicker = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.overline = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.title = h4
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.subtitle = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.leadtext = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.summary = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.picture = div
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.slideshow = div
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.timestamp = strong
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.updatealert = strong
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.shorttitle = h4
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.comments = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.author = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.readmore = p
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.relatedelements = ul
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.tag.share = div
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.kicker = kicker
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.overline = overline
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.title = title
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.subtitle = subtitle
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.leadtext = leadtext
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.summary = summary
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.picture = picture
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.slideshow = slideshow
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.timestamp = timestamp
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.updatealert = updatealert
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.shorttitle = shorttitle
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.comments = comments
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.author = author
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.readmore = readmore
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.relatedelements = list-unstyled
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.picture-caption = picture-caption
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.class.share = share
wf.props.teaser.element.format.date.sdf.lastModifiedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.teaser.element.format.date.sdf.publishedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.teaser.element.format.date.sdf.createdDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.textsize.text-big = text-big
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.textsize.text-bigger = text-bigger
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.textsize.text-biggest = text-biggest
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.textsize.text-small = text-small
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.textsize.text-smaller = text-smaller
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.textsize.kicker = text-smaller
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.textsize.text-smallest = text-smallest
wf.props.teaser.element.markup.inline.close-link-style = inline-close
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.kicker = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.overline = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.title = h4
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.subtitle = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.leadtext = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.summary = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.picture = div
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.slideshow = div
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.timestamp = strong
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.updatealert = strong
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.shorttitle = h4
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.comments = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.author = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.readmore = p
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.relatedelements = ul
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.tag.share = div
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.kicker = kicker
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.overline = overline
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.title = title
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.subtitle = subtitle
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.leadtext = leadtext
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.summary = summary
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.picture = picture
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.slideshow = slideshow
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.timestamp = timestamp
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.updatealert = updatealert
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.shorttitle = shorttitle
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.comments = comments
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.author = author
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.readmore = readmore
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.relatedelements = list-unstyled
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.picture-caption = picture-caption
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.class.share = share
wf.props.teaserView.element.format.date.sdf.lastModifiedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.teaserView.element.format.date.sdf.publishedDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.teaserView.element.format.date.sdf.createdDate = dd MMM yyyy HH:mm zz
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.textsize.text-big = text-big
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.textsize.text-bigger = text-bigger
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.textsize.text-biggest = text-biggest
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.textsize.text-small = text-small
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.textsize.text-smaller = text-smaller
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.textsize.kicker = text-smaller
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.textsize.text-smallest = text-smallest
wf.props.teaserView.element.markup.inline.close-link-style = inline-close
wf.props.tags.list.tag = ul
wf.props.tags.list.class = list-inline
wf.props.tags.item.class = label label-default
